This contract is for Xiaoyu.
Who are you? Don't plant a small vegetable garden.
shut up. Get to know my own affairs in the Su family.
As long as Su Yun comes to message Su one day,
The people of the Su family must obey the discipline of my Su family.
It's you, your shit. Since this project is only sent by God and Earth.
But it has nothing to do with you. As agreed,
If you don't complete the task, you have to get out,
And you are never allowed to enter this house.
There is no difference, because God and earth are us.
If you don't leave, I'll call the police.
You must not drive him away
I identify as a leader
What's so good about this trash?
But that sentence
Is there someone worthy of our Su Yu?
You have to prove your strength
This time I want to enter politics again